GA Subworkflow Streaming (#249)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-05.mdx

title: Changelog | May, 2024
---

## Subworkflow Node Streaming

_May 7th, 2024_

> Subworkflow Nodes can now properly stream its output. This allows users to get a much faster time to first token when the last node before the Terminal Node is a Subworkflow Node, without sacrificing the modularity benefits of Subworkflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subworkflow Nodes can now stream their output(s) to parent workflows.

This allows you to compose workflows using modular subworkflows without sacrificing the ability to delivery incremental results to your end user.

Note that only nodes immediately prior to Final Output Nodes can have their output(s) streamed.
```
